Li Fang, listen to my explanation
No, no, not the civilized elegance you see
Not the kind I thought
I naively thought you could turn back
You are a bunch of cold-blooded animals
Get out of my house now or else
We may be going back home
This house is mine
Li Lifang, you dog
Trying to take over my house?
Today, no matter what, I have to take the house and put it in my hands. What to do with him?
Mom and Dad, come and help
Let's eat more chicken
Hahahahahaha
The house is mine now
Lin Feng
From now on
You have no right to drive us away
Now get out of my house
You really think you got the house?
I have signed the transfer contract
Now this house is mine
Are you forgetting something?
It's useless for you to try any more tricks
This house was built for me
What's in front?